Guardrails docs (#20098)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/ai-gateway/guardrails/index.mdx

---
title: Guardrails
pcx_content_type: navigation
order: 1
sidebar:
  order: 8
  group:
    badge: Beta
---

> Guardrails help you deploy AI applications safely by intercepting and evaluating both user prompts and model responses for harmful content. Acting as a proxy between your application and [model providers](/ai-gateway/providers) (such as OpenAI, Anthropic, DeepSeek, and others), AI Gateway's Guardrails ensure a consistent and secure experience across your entire AI ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Guardrails help you deploy AI applications safely by intercepting and evaluating both user prompts and model responses for harmful content. Acting as a proxy between your application and [model providers](/ai-gateway/providers/) (such as OpenAI, Anthropic, DeepSeek, and others), AI Gateway's Guardrails ensure a consistent and secure experience across your entire AI ecosystem.
```

---
title: Guardrails
pcx_content_type: navigation
order: 1
sidebar:
  order: 8
  group:
    badge: Beta
---

Guardrails help you deploy AI applications safely by intercepting and evaluating both user prompts and model responses for harmful content. Acting as a proxy between your application and [model providers](/ai-gateway/providers/) (such as OpenAI, Anthropic, DeepSeek, and others), AI Gateway's Guardrails ensure a consistent and secure experience across your entire AI ecosystem.

Guardrails proactively monitor interactions between users and AI models, giving you:

- **Consistent moderation**: Uniform moderation layer that works across models and providers.
- **Enhanced safety and user trust**: Proactively protect users from harmful or inappropriate interactions.
- **Flexibility and control over allowed content**: Specify which categories to monitor and choose between flagging or outright blocking

> - **Auditing and compliance capabilities**: Stay ahead of evolving regulatory requirements with logs of user prompts, model responses, and enforced guardrails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Auditing and compliance capabilities**: Receive updates on evolving regulatory requirements with logs of user prompts, model responses, and enforced guardrails.
```
